spvd-plugins
spvd-plugins
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 5 "

= NAME =

spvd-plugins - Supervision daemon plugins

= DESCRIPTION =

spvd-plugins documents the configuration variables of spvd checks.

= CHECK CONFIGURATION =

Supervision daemon can do a couple of actions for all plugins according to some values in object_infos, check_infos or status_infos. For additional configuration options, please refer to plugin's specific man page.

== check_infos ==

: **history** = //boolean//
Optional parameter to require historical archive for the check. This parameter defaults to //false//, set it to //true// to enable the feature. On check completion, the supervision daemon will add status_infos entries. See **history-<timestamp>-<status>** documentation.


= CHECK RESULTS =

Supervision daemon stores basic check information in the status and status_message fields. Additional information can be stored using status_infos.

: **history-<timestamp>-<status>**:
On status change, spvd creates a key named history-<timestamp>-<status> where <timestamp> is the epoch timestamp of when the event occured and <status> is the new state of the check. The value of this key is the message of the last state last message.


= AUTHOR =

The spvd daemon and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**spvd.conf**(5),
**spvd-connect**(5),
**spvd-delivery**(5),
**spvd-events**(5),
**spvd-smartdamstreaming**(5),
**spvd-streams**(5)

