spvd.conf
spvd.conf
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 5 "

= NAME =

/etc/spvd.conf - a configure file for **spvd**(8)

= DESCRIPTION =

**/etc/spvd.conf** is a text file in INI format. It is composed of a **[spvd]**
section and of an optional **[spvd:plugin]** section to pass specific options to
a plugin. An extra subsection name (i.e. [spvd:plugin:subname]) is allowed for
readability purpose.


The **[spvd]** section must contain the following options:

: **distant_url** = //URL//
URL of the supervision webservice to ask for configured checks.

: **plugins** = //plugin1//, //...//
Comma separated list of plugin names. This list will be used to determine which
plugins to load and ask work for.


The **[spvd:plugin]** type of sections can accept specific options per plugin.
Current options supported by plugins provided with **spvd**(8) are:

: **importer_retry_timeout** = //10//
Interval in seconds between attempts to contact supervision webservice when a
call to the webservice failed.

: **max_parallel_checks** = //3//
Maximum number of checks to run in parallel for this plugin.

: **max_checks_queue** = //9//
Maximum number of checks to keep in queue for this plugin.

: **check_poll** = //3//
Interval in seconds between contacts of the supervision to retrieve new checks.

: **check_timeout** = //30//
Maximum wait time in seconds before assuming the retrieval of new checks has
failed.

: **debug** = //True|False//
Activate/Desactivate debugging of the plugin. Currently this is used to debug
scheduling issues.

: **ssl_cert** = //path_to_public_key_file//
Full path to the certificate to present when contacting distant webservice.

: **ssl_key** = //path_to_secret_key_file//
Full path to the secret key to use when contacting distant webservice.

: **result_threshold** = //5//
Maximum number of result that are queue before forcing commiting the results to
the webservice.


= AUTHOR =

The spvd daemon and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.


= SEE ALSO =

**spvd**(8),
**spvd-plugins**(5),
**spvd-connect**(5),
**spvd-delivery**(5),
**spvd-events**(5),
**spvd-smartdamstreaming**(5),
**spvd-streams**(5)

